Now what we like to do is get the query string as an object.
The query string is obviously going to be useful for us later to be able to understand what
the user is requesting,
what the user is trying to modify.
And so we're going to need to parse that as well,
in between where we get the path and where we got the method.
Let's go ahead and insert just a quick comment about what we're trying to do here.
When I said there is that we're trying to get the query string as an object.
This is really simple.
We're going to create a query string,
object variable,
and its value is going to be parsed.
Your l remember the parts you're well that we grabbed at the beginning dot query If you
remember a moment ago,
I talked about this parameter tour false boolean that gets passed to you,
r l dot parse.
Remember that this is telling your l dot pars to go ahead and throw its query string
operations to the query strings library building to node so that this object that comes
back the parsed U R l dark query object that comes back is the same as if we had used that
query string object ourselves.
Namely,
What that means for our case is that when someone sends a your l with a bunch of query
parameters on the end,
you know fully equals bar etcetera,
those air all going to be parsed and put nicely inside of this object with keys and values
.
Let's see what that means.
And in order to do that,
let's,
uh,
log out what's coming out here is well,
so we're saying that the request had received on this path with this method and let's say
with these query string parameters and then log out the query string object itself.
All right,
so let's go ahead and start up the APP again knowed index dot yes and send a car Oh,
to curl local host slash fu.
We can see that the query string parameters that came back is an empty object.
Why?
Because we didn't have any query string parameters.
So let's go ahead and write that girl request again.
But this time,
let's add some query parameters on it.
So we're going to add a question mark and then fizz equals buzz.
All right,
and we got hello world back again.
If we look,
the APP is understood that the path was still just food,
that the method was get but that the query string was set to fizz equals butts.
So that's how you get a query string object from a girl and we can move on to the next
section.